Little girl, are you alright?
My company is nearby
I'll take you back to change clothes
Please say a few more words.
What's new recently?
Can you say a few words?
Please take a look here
Yes, look at the camera, thank you.
I have liked you for a long time
Please sign my name
Thank you, girl.
Go uh
This is our dressing room.
Are you interested in modeling?
I am the agent of Chen Tian Entertainment
Everyone calls me Sister Juan
Is there a salary for being a model?
Of course there is.
And you are famous
With benefits, are you still afraid that those people will bully you?
OK, I want to be a model.
Ok, wait for me here.
Where did the garbage come from?
It stinks. It's you
You are also a model here
You don't deserve to be a model here, do you?
You native leopard
Don't you see what your taste is?
A model can't come temporarily tonight
Replace it with
Roll k
By the way, what's your name?
Li Xiaoya
Supermodels can't be called by that name
From today on, your name is Phil
Welcome to
World of Supermodels
How is Mr. Jiang?
Arrange him with the best stylist
Domestic second brand annual show game
Cultivate well
I'll arrange it.
This is our big money maker